From Hollywood, California, Sunset Boulevard, Sunset Strip, Meltdown Comics, and Nerdmelt Theater Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden in our Game Master.
And just for good measure, let's bring out the good mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you very, very much. You're always very kind, even though we keep doing this over and over again. You guys keep reacting so it's like they're happy every time.
I feel like this crowd is extra special, happy tonight. There's something about this crowd.
There is electricity and a free song in the air right now.
And yet we say that all the time. It's not always the exact same people, but they always fall for that too.
I feel like they must be smarter than last week's audience somehow.
I don't know if they're smarter. I think that they're leaning farther downhill. They're ready for more of a free fall. You guys are up for an adventure more than last week, I think, right?
I think you guys want to go on a bear hunt.
A lot of people are like, wait, what is that? Is that like a weird college thing? Is that like a fratty whore?
We had a bear hunt, but it got cut out of the episode.
Yeah, so I imagine it exists somewhere on the Harmontown Extra if you buy the platinum package or whatever and you get all the unedited cities if you go to the Nashville one.
In my blackout, blind drunk, I take the audience on a bear hunt, which was a thing that we did in my daycare center that I remember at Red Carpet Bowling Lanes.
The parents would drop the kids off and then the kids would just roll around on the linoleum and traumatize each other, but then every once in a while an old lady would say, let's go on a bear hunt.
And then after that she'd go, okay, now you can go play with the toys and the three fastest kids would get to the dirty big wheel first and I'd hide under a table.
A girl put a crayon in my mouth.
She came up to you and put a crayon in your mouth?
She put a crayon in my mouth and looking back at it as an adult, what I picture, the weird thing is, I hate her so much, but also I'm able to recognize, because she said something like, you could be pretty or something.
She was really wanting to use the crayon as lipstick. She wanted to put lipstick on me.
She was giving you a makeover?
Yeah, which is probably flirting as far as what 40-year-olds are concerned. I don't know how old we were, but on one hand I'm able to recognize that she meant no harm.
And on the other hand, I still, at 42, I still have all of the revulsion and hatred that my tiny brain felt because I had no idea what the hell, why would someone lunge at me and stick a crayon in my lips?
Did she ram it into your mouth or did she?
She had bad aim. Our muscles were protoplasmic.
Do you think there was a chance that she was trying to be inclusive?
Yeah, that's what I just said.
Oh, you mean inclusive, you mean like progressively, like she was thinking about gender roles? No, I think she was like Drew Barrymore and I was ET.
She was doing a clumsy job of befriending you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She wanted to play house. She wanted to play, you know, maybe she wanted to play sexy time, I don't know.
But I don't think she was like, you know, she wasn't, it's years from that age before kids developed the part of their brain that knows that I'm a disgusting monster.
That comes right before a sense of direction.
They've done studies where they put six year old girls into an MRI and they study the centers of their brains that light up and they show a picture of Dan Harmon.
And from five and a half to six, it's like same section as ice cream or like a fire hydrant.
I shouldn't have said same section as ice cream.
Yeah, because we live in this now, we're all pedophiles era where everything, every time you mentioned a child where our brains are waiting for the pedophile thing.
So I said ice cream was just something you like.
So let's just abandon this whole thing.
But well, to finish my thought, then at six they show it.
And they show a picture of me and then it's like, oh, they shut, it's the space shuttle Challenger exploding or a Shrek or, I don't know, like a chicken, chicken, chicken pox.
What is six year olds hate?
Oh, when our space program goes all right, that's what they hate.
When you were elementary school, preschool through fifth grade, was there ever any flirtation romance stories in your life?
Was it ever not awkward?
Oh, God, well, I almost spent to remember when I was in the car with you.
Oh, yeah.
Every day for the last two years.
That was great, man.
I feel like you're not supposed to, now that it's not like a black box cabaret show anymore, but I want to say her whole name.
I mean, because that was all she was, was a name.
And this little, literally a little redhead girl, which is like a Charlie Brown thing.
It was kindergarten.
See, the lipstick girl, the Korean girl, was like, what are you doing?
She was probably a brunette or something.
But my first, because it was when Yvonne Craig passed away and I was thinking about, oh, Yvonne Craig.
And I was thinking of early, what was my first redhead moment?
Well, I didn't know they were redhead.
Yeah, what was my first kind of like spark of, what is it, acetaminophen that makes you, I don't know.
I don't have to explain anything.
I think it's funny.
I'm laughing at myself.
But if they isolated the chemical that makes you fall in love and it's acetaminophen, and everyone's like, oh, this explains everything.
We were never looking for that connection.
I, oh God, I got married because I had a hangover.
And I, oh my God, acetaminophen.
That's it.
The, anyways, the, yeah, Nicole, it was, it was, in kindergarten, they take roll call and they go, they say, you know, they, you know, they say your name.
And then you go here.
Dan, back it up and walk me through this.
And pretend I never went to school and explain.
My last name was Harmon.
Back then, my first name was either, it was probably, was it Daniel or Danny?
Probably Daniel.
Yeah, probably Daniel.
Yeah, Daniel, yeah, for sure.
Is this the same class where the Royal Champagne went to?
No, that was middle school.
No, nobody in kindergarten stood up and said, you may call me Royal Champagne.
That would be amazing.
Wait, no, we're kindergarten.
We're still, some of us are still pooping our pants.
To this very day.
And so, and so I, like, we, you know, sitting in a circle, and the way we sat and the order in which our names were called, there was always this pattern.
So, and the H's come before the M's and her name, you know, let's just cross our fingers.
Maybe she won't sue us and that this isn't defamation of any kind.
Her name seems like, I'm not going to change her name.
Her name was Nicole McHugh.
It was such a, such a, you know, it's such a perfect, like, it's like fictional, like kind of first, first, you know, little girl crush kind of name.
And she, and then Daniel Harmon, and I'd go, and I don't know, I don't know who started it.
And what happened, but, but, like, somehow, just the tradition became that whenever my name was called, I would, I would say here, and I'd look at her, and she'd smile, and we'd both smile, and then we'd giggle.
And then, and then name, name, name, piece of shit, random piece of shit.
And then, and then the same, and then when Nicole McHugh, and she would raise her hand and we would lock eyes again, and then giggle and smile.
And it was like, that was the entire relationship.
I never talked to her on the playground.
And I probably made the whole thing up in my head.
I probably, I probably just created huge gaps where she was probably giggling at everybody.
No, I really don't think that.
Well, of course you don't think that, Dan.
You made it up in your head.
You invented thoughts.
Of course you think them.
But I, well, I don't, I don't, I don't remember them as hallucinations.
I had the same thing with, with like kindergarten, I think, with the same initials, NM.
Her name was Nancy Mendelson, and I had this fantasy relationship with her that never existed.
I don't, I don't know that we ever spoke to each other, but in my mind that, wow, we were quite in love.
And I don't think I ever had a moment's conversation with her.
It's all downhill from there, man.
You know, isn't it?
Spencer, do you have, do you have an early, like, proto relationship like that?
Nah, man, you guys are fucking nerds.
Okay, we have a new segment.
This new, this, this new segment is called, um, uh, possibly awesome ideas I, I, I came up with during a blackout drunk at the TV guide showrunners party.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, sometimes TV guide has a party, and they invite all the smarties that make the TV like Shonda Rhimes,
and Dan Harmon gets invited some of the time except for season four, and he'll never forget it.
But now he's back, and he's at the table because Rick and Morty showed them all I was able,
so I get to sit there and get real drunk, and I talk too loud, and I feel bad the next morning.
There's a little iced tea in there.
You're about to get sued three times.
Well, you know, that's, that's just business.
So, okay, so I came up with this idea, like, like, like, Chris McKenna was there.
I was, I asked him, I don't know, I wrote it down.
I was like, I'm so proud of this idea.
I have no idea how, like, like, I was like, okay, so it's a dystopian premise.
It's called Peek Hitler, uh, peak, like, peak oil.
Is it because in the, it's in the future where, what I wrote down is, but this guy was drunk,
like, a world where temporally oligarchic corporations draw oil from the subcutaneous residue of a supposedly infinite supply of Hitlers.
Supposedly.
So, like, like, in the future they find out that, like, like, there's everyone right under their scalp,
or between their skull and their brain, or maybe right between their scalp and their skull, who knows,
or maybe at the base of their spine, but let's just, everyone has, like, a, just a tiny little bit of, of oil that you could use to run a car.
Like, like sperm whales used to have, like, the giant gallons of, yeah.
Yeah.
Like, lamp oil.
So, so, you know, a corporation, you know, goes like, look, we have time travel now, and there are infinite timelines.
Raise your hand if you're against drilling into Hitler.
And everyone's like, that's the cold up in the movie, everyone's like, nice.
Okay.
And then they're like, the lack of nays have it.
Mobile Time Warner will commence with its Hitler oil campaign.
And then you can, and then it goes, 3,080.
And then there's like, because I, I, I think,
Do they keep going back in time and drilling into the same Hitler, or are there, are there more than one?
There's infinite Hitlers.
Infinite Hitlers.
And at the same time, Hitler does or doesn't slip in the shower or take a, take an art class or whatever.
Like, he becomes a technically different Hitler from the, from, from all the other Hitlers.
But they're all Hitler.
Therefore.
So you got quantum, quantum.
And infinite oil is infinite oil, baby.
It doesn't matter if you get one drop per Hitler.
And so, and so you see the process, but this, that's the, that's the ordinary world.
And then the, and then the threshold you cross is like, there's a technician who's like, he encounters like a, it's like, you know,
The question of like, I think this guy was, I don't, I don't, I don't know if this, I don't know if this guy was going to end up being that bad a Hitler.
One of the alternate Hitlers.
Yeah, he's like, like, like that's like the big moment.
He was a good artist.
It's like, it's like, it's like Project X with Matthew Broderick.
Matthew Broderick is the guy who's in charge of like, or Minority Report.
It's like, you know, it's like any other, like, like, you, you know, you have a guy who's in charge of doing this thing.
And this is the way the world works is you take a Hitler, you put like a transparent plastic dome on his head.
Like, while he's walking down an alleyway in Austria or something.
And, and, and he's like, oh, got in the Himmel.
And you're, and you're like, you know, and you're like, look, I know you can't understand me, but, but, but, but, but trust me, you're Hitler.
And, like, this is, this is going to hurt you more than it's going to hurt my car.
And then it's like the title sequence.
And I know I have a lot of cold opens in this movie, but.
So, but then the threshold is like a guy is like, like, you know, there's like a guy, I don't like the drill bit breaks or something.
And then it's like something goes wrong. And then the Hitler starts running and the guy's like, God damn it.
We got to fucking wait.
It's like, this is temporal.
Let's see. I mean, numbers seven, five, two, we got, we got a runner. I'll, I'll get him.
And he's like, chases him, chases him back to Hitler's apartment.
And he kind of, he's like, let me in there, Hitler.
You're fucking Hitler.
I know you don't get that.
And he's like, I'm kicking down that fucking door, Hitler.
I'm kicking it down.
I don't care if you have a Walther P 38 under the, under your mattress.
Nice.
I bet you will try to shoot me because you're Hitler.
But, but it won't matter because like, and it kicks down the door.
And then the camera pushes on just an adorable Hitler.
Like, who do you cast as adorable Hitler?
Who's the actor?
Well.
Don't get sued a fourth time.
I'm probably not Hugh Jackman, but at the same time, I don't know.
Like, and it's not, you know, let's put a pin in that.
Okay.
But it's like, the point is like, like, like, like it's, maybe it's a CG Hitler.
Maybe it's like, maybe it's like Gollum, you know, you create a Hitler so that you can
get really accurate.
I think you put like a Jake Gyllenhaal or a Tove McGuire in there.
I think you make it like.
Oh, Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yeah.
Toby McGuire is good.
I like that.
Yeah.
Toby.
Oh no.
Elijah Wood.
Who?
Oh yeah.
Elijah Wood.
Oh man.
Okay.
That's our Hitler.
Guys, we got our Hitler.
So it pushes on him and he's doing, you know, fill in the blanks.
This is, you know, I'm a structure guy.
I'm a dialogue guy.
I'm not a fucking like, I don't care about the details.
He's like, you know, he's got a kitten or, or he's like, you know, he's like setting
fire to sonnets that he wrote to some areas.
He's like, or he's like, he's doing something that does guidance.
It's like, it violates.
Just give me one second.
Whatever, whatever he sees when he kicks down that door, it's, it's specifically the first
15 pages of the script.
It was, it said that this is not, this is not how Hitler's work.
Right.
Like they don't have feelings.
My question is, what set this, one of these infinite Hitlers, what, what set him off on
a different, more adorable?
This is that wooden ball that comes down the minority tube that's like, you know, oh,
I thought the trans, trans, trans, trans, trans cognitives.
I thought they didn't, I thought they didn't make mistakes or whatever.
I thought, I thought Hitlers didn't have pets.
You know, I thought they loved, I thought they loved racism.
And he says, I didn't, I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm just, I'm just me.
You know, you're one of a million possible Hitlers.
Yeah.
And he's like, well, why is that a bad thing?
And then, and the guy's like, like, he just hears like, I don't know if they had sirens
back then, but the, and then he just goes like, and then like shoots him with a silencer.
But like, and you think he just killed him, but then it turns out he like put him in a
bag and he takes him to a field and he sets him free.
It's not about that Hitler.
It's about an industry running on, on infinite Hitlers and the idea of, you know, if there
are infinite Hitlers, then, you know, it's the idea that we've run out of bad Hitlers.
That's the thing.
It's like the fucking still corporate greed.
In a world of infinite timelines, they've taken oil out of all of the bad Hitlers.
They've created a universe, a multiverse in which the only thing remaining are average Hitlers.
Right.
But, but, but the head of the oil company is saying, look, we can still get away with
even mining oil out of good Hitlers because they're still Hitlers.
And there's somebody that works underneath that person.
It's like, no, you're, we're now just dealing with regular people now, just regular good
Hitlers.
Is the, is the Hitler, is one of the good Hitlers, is Elijah Wood Hitler the protagonist of
this?
Or is the, the oil industry guy that sets those Hitlers free?
Elijah Wood as Hitler is the polar ice caps.
You know, he's like, or, or oil, you know.
It's like, it's like, it doesn't, he's like the dinosaurs in Jurassic Park.
Certainly part of the draw.
Definitely on the poster.
Is there a, is there a Jeff, not the protagonist.
Is there a Jeff Goldblum character who steps in and says, I think what you're doing is
a unethical, uh, yes.
All right.
Moving on to, to, to, to, to, uh, another segment.
Actually, we could keep this up.
Well, okay.
Uh, awesome things I came up with, uh, uh, in a, in a different blackout drugs, uh,
that weren't at the TV guy party.
That's the segment.
You, you want some music for that?
Yeah.
Dan drinks a lot.
So the stories aren't all he's got.
It doesn't just wait till TV guides party to get slosh.
He does it all the time.
And he's always awesome.
And he always comes up with things that he has to write down.
Okay.
I was drinking with Dino.
Dino was talking about, so, so Dino, um, assuming he has, he does not mind, uh, details about
his, I think if he were here, he would share any old secret.
So he has, he has, he has a, he has a tattoo, like right above his wiener.
Uh, somebody was asking about his tattoo.
He has like a tattoo that's like a thing in Greek on his arm.
Um, uh, but then, and then he said, somebody was asking him, is that the only tattoo you
have?
And he's like, well, I do have another one.
It's above, it's above my, uh, my wiener.
He said, it's in my bikini area.
So that means it's like, unless he's shaving it all the time, it's like hidden by hairs,
right?
Yeah.
You're, you're, you're, well, yeah.
Is the art of the, is the art of the design worked into that?
No, no, no.
It's like a lurking tiger.
I saw Dino in New York with his, I saw Dino, when Dino passed out in New York with his
pants down, I saw him, his, his pants were, he had a belt on and his pants were fastened
and zipped up, but it was still below his dick and balls.
And he, he was wearing women's tights and fetish underwear.
It was cut out so I could see his dick and balls through, through mesh.
I don't think he was wearing women's tights.
I think it was just wearing a special underwear.
No.
I mean, there, there was, yeah, it was fetishy stuff.
It was a lot of layers.
Yeah.
I mean, his pants weren't around his ankles.
How would you know?
No, they were like below, like mid-thigh.
All right.
I saw no tattoo is what I'm saying.
So this is, this story's about me.
The point of departure is that I have a friend who has a tattoo above his penis dick.
I keep pausing before I say dick, but not because I think there's like an S and P department,
but because I just feel like, I don't know the word, if I keep saying the word dick,
because it's about a tattoo above a dick.
I'm like, guys, I don't know.
I was like somehow categorizing that as like, oh, what kind of podcast is this?
I don't know.
I don't know what my, I don't know what my fucking deal is, but.
The story, the story's about you, man.
There's it.
So I go, okay.
Oh boy.
Well, this, he's like, oh, he goes like, why is there a tattoo of your dick?
Dominatrix put it there as a, as a form of domination.
She, she, she was like, she was like, she was like, you know, putting it there to like humiliate me.
I was like, oh boy.
Oh, what, what is it?
And he's like, it's an X.
And I was like, well, that's what's on treasure.
That's like, like, like what, like in the worst case scenario, it means 10 something.
Like, it doesn't even, what do you, that's.
Or you got something wrong on family feud or boldest strike, but you're right.
That is the worst case scenario as you lost on family, but still kidding on family feud is a big deal.
Anyways, did you just send me a text Spencer?
Nah, man.
Oh wait, I guess I probably did because I responded to Steve who is texting us.
Sorry.
All right.
So the shit I have to go through and all right.
So he had this story, the story has a point.
Again, as with the last story, it's about the great ideas that I have that how, and how, how good I am at what I do.
So he goes like, it's an accident.
So then it was like, we're going like, well, you know, Drew Hancock and Wade Randolph were there at the drawing room.
And we're all like an X and X.
And he's like, look, she's not, she's not a writer.
She's a dominatrix.
Like, okay, well, let's beat this tattoo.
You know, like, what would you tattoo above someone's dick to like, like, and I, and I, we didn't brainstorm for a long time.
Like I, the thing I'm proud of is that this was the first, this is it for me.
Right.
I didn't bother your first pitch.
Yeah.
I didn't like hit a bunch of areas and pick the best ones.
I think this is it.
I just picked.
I was like, okay, well, what do you do?
And I went and I was like, okay, I got it.
I got it.
Okay.
So, so in, in, in, in, in, in 1938, there was this cartoon called Nancy.
Uh, and it was like syndicated in like the 80s and stuff eventually went away.
It was like a little, it's like a little, uh, should have pulled up like a, you know, it's like a, like, like, like the younger people probably won't remember.
Like people my age, like probably remember when Nancy and Marma Duke and all this shit were in the paper.
Like one of these things was like, like she, it was kind of drawn in a Steamboat Willie style.
It was like such an old cartoon.
It was like originated in 1938.
Kind of had a black bob haircut.
Yeah.
Like on Wikipedia, it says, uh, she was a chubby, precocious eight year old.
That was the gimmick.
That's how young cartoons were.
Like that was, that was ironic.
It was like, what if, what if, what if she was chubby and precocious?
It was like cut, cut to the guy making shoe.
And he's like, fuck, I don't know.
What if birds worked in an office?
Fuck me.
I don't know.
I'd love to just draw chubby girls all day, uh, hanging out, uh, making mistakes,
learning about life.
Uh, so Nancy was, Nancy was a chubby, precocious girl.
Like with the kind of like, I think like oval kind of like almost a little orphan Annie,
but filled in eyes.
And, and the thing is like every time in that cartoon, every time she'd look at something,
there would be like a dotted line going for her eyes.
So, so that's, that's why I need to use her.
Cause I don't care about that cartoon, but it's, it was, but, but I also think it's really funny.
It's really funny, the specifics of it says, so it's Nancy, like, like above his dick and
she's looking at the dotted line goes down to his dick.
And then there's a thought balloon above her head and it's a dollar sign with a line through it.
And the caption is, uh, hey Dino, 1938 called your dicks worthless.
I was just very proud of it.
So I wrote it down and it took me 40 minutes to explain it.
I think, I think it holds up.
Yeah. So does peak Hitler with speed.
Well, speaking of peak Hitler, it takes less gasoline than is in one Hitler to go to an alternate timeline.
Yes. Because well, here's the thing.
Okay. So it's corporations.
Okay. Well, my, my, my knee jerk answer to that.
Is, uh, you know, have you seen scandalous?
I mean, come on. No, no.
My knee jerk reaction is, uh, uh, is, is it's a corporation.
They don't, they just want there to keep being oil.
They don't care how much it costs.
Well, they have, if, if Exxon has, has like the ability to, to, to time travel.
They're just going to use it to sell you more oil.
They're not going to come out with a car called the, the new Ford instantaneous.
Now you don't have to really drive.
You can just sit in a car with no wheels and blink to your office.
They'd be like, then we're out of fucking money.
Yeah. Yeah.
So they're, I don't know.
And come on, I know, I know it has holes in it.
I, I, yeah, no, I mean, I'm thinking of all sorts of ways to solve that.
I mean, how, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me answer your question with a question.
So are you telling me that, that in the future, uh, uh, the, uh, fossil fuels, uh, uh, uh,
uh, driven industries have, have shrunk our polar ice caps to the point where there's
now more room to, to drill.
And that's what they want to do.
Like that's crazy too.
That's crazy. Yeah.
Hold it. Hold it for 30 more seconds then.
29, 28, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19, 18, 17,
23, 22, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, he hasn't even blinked, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
When you hold your head real still, people are gone.
Type flap, beep, beep.
Um, I don't know.
I think we, we might have made podcast history there.
Uh, we certainly, we certainly, we certainly proved to all of my detractors right that
this is definitely a, a, a, a show that succeeds more at a cult of personality than, than any
actual empirical measurable value.
If, if you're just looking at a guy not doing, not blinking and, uh, that's not on you guys.
That's on me.
I should bring more to the table.
Uh, uh, uh, well, I thought, I mean, I thought, wait, wait, I, I, I, what?
I'm just stretching.
You just, you just do that cause you know what makes your tits look good.
I need all the help I can get, man.
Uh, that's why he's always also kneeling on a beach with his knees at a certain distance.
And I was like, he knows that triangle thing.
Um, wait, take me through that one.
You're not familiar with that triangle thing?
I am not.
I don't know, there's, I'm talking about God guys, like, like, like the naked lady pictures,
they have like certain rules that are based on certain angles and stuff.
And I, and I don't know what they are.
I was, I was referencing that concept without knowing what they are.
It doesn't matter.
It's, um, which I did, I went, I want, I want, I just wanted to meet, meet, meet, like, uh,
like, like, like, like, we should, like, like, like, give, give, give, give, give, give me
one second, James.
I, I, I'm sorry.
I, I, I, I, I, oh wait.
I call.
Oh no.
I shattered the, I looked through the glass and said, James.
It's okay.
Okay.
All right.
Now I really fucked this.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I know that could have been James Cromwell.
I don't know what, what, what.
What, what if it were James Cromwell?
That'd be amazing.
I was getting tweeted at by somebody who is, is there, is there, is there anybody here
who, uh, who's, who's come a great distance tonight?
Who is it?
New York.
Boston, Massachusetts.
Burning Man.
New York, Boston, Massachusetts.
New Zealand.
New Zealand?
Oh, Miami.
New Zealand.
I mean, New Hampshire.
That's like the New Zealand of the United States.
I don't think, I think we've had five people from New Zealand up here and never one person
from New York.
Oh yeah.
We're lousy with Kiwis on the stage.
I love Kiwis.
The thing I admire about New Hampshire guys is that the entire time, there was like,
Hong Kong.
New Hampshire.
What?
Tunisia.
New Hampshire.
What city?
Miami.
New Hampshire.
Who's New Hampshire?
What city in New Hampshire?
Manchester.
Actually, is that very quaint and colonial?
Like kind of gorgeous and like, like old, like very, I think I, I think I went through
there and there was lots of like, like revolutionary war, war monuments and stuff like that.
Am I making that up?
Uh, maybe a little.
Just, just matches in, in like Vermont and, okay, so yeah.
I've been to, I've been to Keen, New Hampshire.
Is it near there?
No.
Two hours.
Oh.
All right.
Fuck you.
Is, is New Hampshire beautiful right now?
Is it, was it fall foliage time out there?
Almost.
Almost?
Did you come here for, for work or for pleasure?
Uh, pleasure.
New Hampshire pleasure guy.
Come up on stage.
All right.
What's your name, sir?
Pat.
Hello, Pat.
What brings you all the way from New Hampshire to Los Angeles for your own pleasure?
What, what, what pleasure are you seeking here, Pat?
Uh, it came to visit some friends, but mostly go to Disney with my girlfriend.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Do you know there's a Disney a lot closer to New Hampshire than this one?
Like in Florida.
Yeah, but we've been to that one way too much.
Yeah.
Have you ever worked Disney?
Disney World in Florida.
Oh, it's like closer because, okay.
Worcester, Massachusetts, Disney.
I just think of the country as a square, so all the corners are the same distance.
I'm like, oh, you might as well go to, but even that would be a little better.
Even though squares work.
Yeah.
Have you gone to Disneyland here yet?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
We've, we've, I found out a couple of days ago and somebody texted me and I was sad to know this.
I love Disneyland that it was dapper day where everyone goes to.
That's what we went for.
Did you go?
I did not go.
Alec, right?
Yeah.
Alec, our dapper bowtie wearing friend.
I had a bunch of friends go and I was so sad that I wasn't invited to go with them.
I didn't know about it.
I would have fucking gone.
Actually, no, I couldn't have gone because I was out of town, but I would have loved
to have been there.
So everybody is all fancy pants.
Everyone's dressed up.
Oh yeah.
Did anybody go?
You went?
Yeah.
Wait, you guys went?
That's, that's my girlfriend.
What's your name?
Hannah.
Hannah, get up here.
I'm shooting fast and loose.
Yeah, you are.
I want to talk about dapper day.
Okay.
So you guys knew about dapper day.
Is that why you came from New Hampshire to LA?
Part of the reason why we came.
Okay.
Now what goes on at dapper day?
What are you, first off, what did you guys wear to dapper day at Disneyland?
I just had like a blue, like watercolor-y flower dress with an insanely hot petticoat
underneath it.
All right.
Was it a thousand degrees?
Yeah.
It was way hot.
It was way too hot to be dapper.
For some reason, I decided to go all the way and curl my hair frontwards, which meant
that it just fell in front of my face every time I tried to do something.
And then-
You know who loves that?
Cats.
And the cat in every man.
Now Hannah and Pat, have you guys ever been to Disney World or Disneyland before?
Yeah.
Like-
I don't know, how many times?
Once a year since we started dating.
Once a year since you started-
How long have you been dating?
Five and a half years.
Yeah.
Almost six.
So every year you come from New Hampshire to California-
To Florida.
To Florida too.
Okay.
And this time you're coming to California.
So what's different about this year?
Except you traveling that distance.
Did you have an extra hard year at work?
And so you're like, all right, now I'm going to go to the real Disneyland.
Yeah.
Well, I work a crazy schedule and we just barely ever get to see each other.
Can we ask what you do without prying?
After asking you to come up on stage?
During the day I clean cars at a rental car company.
And at night I am a PA for a news station.
Oh my God.
Were you clean cars for the rental company of America's thirst for blood?
Did you guys enjoy the original Magic Kingdom more or less than the later one in Florida?
I got to say the sequel's better.
The sequel's better?
Oh yeah.
It's a lot bigger.
Yeah.
A lot more stative.
I've been to them both, but I'm partial to the Anaheim one because my mom worked there,
I think in the 60s and my her daughters from her first marriage worked there in the 70s
and I worked there in the 90s.
So I love Disneyland.
Well, I'm distracted by something though.
I love Disney and I love Close, but you said you do this thing in the morning and then at night
you do this.
How do you, when do you sleep?
Never.
Never?
And so these vacations are more important.
My life is a vacation and I work the whole time, but my job is a vacation.
When I drop my rental car off, I'm like, oh, Hannah, what are you doing?
I think about someone that turns out to be you and I go, oh man, like now I walk away
and I put, I didn't, my back hurts.
I don't want to get that straw wrapper and it's like, and then you're like, well, I'm
going to do this for the fall day and then at night I'm going to go to that place.
So when you go to a place for vacation, it's incredibly important and probably to her as
well.
You guys have been good five years.
That's longer than I can.
Hannah, what are your work hours, Hannah?
Do you work a lot too?
Well, I work Monday through Friday at a life insurance company and then I work at a part-time
job at Market Basket and then we have a four-year-old who, so that's okay.
Oh, you have a kid together?
Mm-hmm.
You guys are busy.
Yeah.
We're really busy.
But you're not married, right?
No.
Okay, so you have a kid together four years.
I did want to change that, maybe.
So, in front of Mayor, Comptroller, and Harmonians.
I can authorize this, by the way.
I'm taking over the show.
All right.
I'll allow it.
You're an amazing mother and you are an amazing girlfriend and will you marry me?
Yes, go ahead.
The funny, I guess it's not kind of funny.
I think you're sitting on your mike.
We were standing in line at Disney yesterday and she was telling me about how she had a
that I had gotten in touch with you and I proposed to her at Harmontown.
Well, maybe her dream was her phone glowing in the corner of the room because you tweeted
me two weeks ago.
I was like, this is a public, take this on the DL.
Yeah, Hannah, not to make this about me, but did I pull that off?
Were you fooled at all?
Did that feel organic and then surprising?
Well, I don't, I don't ever use Twitter.
Oh, good, good, well, I blocked you anyway.
I never even thought of that, yeah, perfect, just blocker.
So, I was hoping that it was going to be at Disney and so all day today, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
It's okay, you have the floor.
No.
Like no one's got.
So then, a couple days before we left, I had this dream and I woke up and I was like,
that's what Pat's going to do.
I know him and this is, if he's going to do anything, it's going to be this.
And then all day today, I'm pretty sure everybody else knew because I'm getting all these text
messages like, so how's your vacation?
Like what's going on?
So you kind of thought maybe that was a chance when you came here tonight that was going
to happen?
I would be lying if I was saying I wasn't hoping.
Oh, you saw it, I love it.
I would be lying if I told you I wasn't crying right now.
Oh, no, that's so cool, you guys are the cutest things in the universe, thank you.
I think that, I mean, I know that it's enough for you guys that the mayor of Harmontown
was present, but I also, why don't we make their, why don't we make their engagement
even more official by going higher up on the governmental chain and bring out Senator Bernie
Sanders.
Bernie Sanders to make it official.
Senator Permanente.
Hello, sir.
Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, feel the burn everybody, feel the burn.
Thank you, thank you, Americans, thank you, Dan Harmon, congratulations to the, you
know, the thing, this is really, this is a New Hampshire, well look, this is not, this
is going to be, this is one of the two greatest things that's going to happen in New Hampshire
the next six months.
Oh, Senator, your trademark humility is giving away to, oh, it's coming up Bernie.
You have certainly since the day, first day you were on my show, I have certainly learned
your name.
That's right.
Senator Sanders, we were off to a rocky start, but here we are, you know, you get used to
it, you get comfortable, I'm not so rough to share a hot tub with, you know.
I know that you're not, you're not the senator of New Hampshire, but you, because you're
close to, the same brick state, Vermont, Vermont is a very close, there's a, there's a very
long and contentious border.
We have to make sure there's, you know, that there's a balance between the marijuana being
smuggled one way and the hacky sacks being smuggled the other way.
Do you feel that you can weigh in and have any jurisdiction over this new union or this
new proposal here?
Or is that going outside of your own jurisdiction?
Well, look, I mean, you know, you know, as far as, you know, it would be a nice, you
know, little thing, a button on the evening, but of course not.
No, I don't.
I'm the legislative branch, of course.
I'm a former mayor of Burlington, Vermont, but there's no more justice to the peace
powers related to it.
I'm a United States senator.
The most I could do is on your honeymoon, I could bring you, you know, a large report
from the 9-Eleven commission and they could step out of it and say, I could share with
you, I could share with you parts of the Trans-Pacific partnership if you wanted to read that, you
know, before or after the festivities.
But that won't in any way actually, uh, uh, uh, uh, matrimonize them anymore.
No, but it would inform you as, you know, a newlywed couple about, you know, the, you
know, the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the political sort of thing.
Oh, okay.
Do you have any thoughts about?
You're married, right?
I am.
I am married, like, uh, my, my wife, I think, is named Jane.
Well, if you're gonna think your wife's name is something that's a great guess.
I think my wife is Jane and we're happily married for a long time.
We just had a great weekend up, you know, for the holiday, we're up at Lake Champlain.
We were just, you know, just up there to make a fish.
Mr. Sanders, forgive my impudence, but you are such a guy that's into statistics, facts,
numbers, the fact that you're uncertain about your own wife's name.
Ninety percent of the time, yes, continue.
Ninety... I would say 95 percent of the time, you know the statistics about things.
I'm surprised to know.
Well, that's, look, you're not looking at the inflation of just the statistics or the
statistics.
If you look at the statistics, when we started the campaign, it was about 95 percent, but
the value of the dollar has gone up since then, so the statistics itself has decreased
commit-sortly.
I'm going to Google, while you're, you go on, I'm going to Google your wife's name and
see what happens.
Fair enough.
Look, I would prefer, I would prefer if you searched with a non-major corporate search
engine, besides Google, maybe try duck-duck-go, duck-duck-go, duck-duck-go, duck-duck-go,
open source, look, get up, hop on a Linux and look it up with duck-duck-go.
I didn't even hit Mr. Sanders.
Her name is Jane, you are correct.
Feel the burn, feel the burn.
I just want to check in with our newly engaged couple and make sure, I don't know, I kind
of, I thought, are you guys comfortable up here?
Yeah, but I don't want to, like, be one of those people that overstays their welcome.
No, no, no.
I want to make something very important.
You're not, you're a citizen of the state of New Hampshire, but you're also a working
class American.
Yeah, please let the guy, it's about time that people like you got a chance.
Yeah.
Thank you, if you don't mind, Dan, do you mind if I ask a couple of questions?
Absolutely, that would make me feel better about keeping them up here.
Sure.
What was your name?
Pat.
Well, that sounded like a pattern.
That doesn't happen at the same time.
But it's patterned, Pat.
Yes.
Good.
Okay, so what do you know?
You're in New Hampshire, what do you know?
Are you about to do a magic trick?
Nope.
It seems I have nothing up my sleeves.
They're rolled up.
Nope, except an emergency set of sleeves that can come down and be rolled up if I need
to demonstrate.
So, Hannah and Pat, what do you know?
Sorry, you know, I do gargle milk duds before I go in front of an audience.
That sounds comical to anyone.
What is your profession?
Do you have one?
Crafts and services?
I work at a call center for a life insurance company.
That's fantastic.
You work at a call center, that's one of the few industries that's still around in the
country.
And Pat, what do you do?
I clean cars during the day.
That's fine.
I pee at night.
Right.
And you want it night?
I'm a PA at a news station.
Sure, yes, good.
At a news station, you're involved in small local media, and you're also manual labor,
contributing valuable services in both case, call center, labor, for an average couple.
An average couple like you, newly wed in America.
My tax plan would increase your take home pay by over 400% on top while at the same time
rendering it such that your employers have to pay for your health care and have to pay
something in tax.
That's just, I think, that's normal insane.
That's all I think.
And not, look, nope, that wasn't, that wasn't there.
Trust me, stay with me, the rhythm wasn't there.
I know the cadence of a forced applause, and that wasn't it.
If I want to force on a crowd to applaud, all I have to do is continue talking at the
same volume and pointing, and eventually the people will be there to join me.
Thank you.
All right, well, what?
He's so much more dynamic in person.
I'm going to try to strike a balance between, I think our happy couple probably maybe wants
to be out of the spotlight and just smile and hold hands and watch the rest of the show,
right?
I think Dan, maybe as mayor of Harmontown, since they chose to propose here, maybe they
get up and can you do some sort of formal, like maybe we'll make up a new ritual where
you kind of bind them in some sort of legally Harmontownian fashion?
It'll be our big, fat, Harmontown engagement.
Yeah, yeah.
Look, you know what?
I could do a thing.
I could do a, you know, backup singing or something.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, well, okay, well then, yeah, okay, so is there like a, is there like a slower,
is there like, I could do like a slower, like, nuptial rap.
And then we'll have Bernie Sanders.
And then Bernie, you do the Vincent Price bridge, you know, like, you know, the spoken word.
I'm very familiar.
Sure.
You're talking about thriller.
Yes.
Yeah.
All right.
Yo.
And this made it rhyme because it's going to be from, from the heart.
The heart.
From the brain.
Yeah.
Yo.
Proposal, more important than marriage because it's the stage of marriage where marriage
is still an option.
800% of tax receipts year on year come from middle and working classes.
And I think that has to change.
Yeah.
One life becoming two, but not quite yet.
For now, right now, you're happy.
There's going to be a big ceremony.
One of the two of you is going to, is going to feel like you're doing too much or too
little.
And there will be fights.
In my belief, if the so-called greatest nation in the world cannot clothe and feed children
and elderly, then it cannot call itself the greatest nation in the world until it makes
those things happen in this country.
But we live on a planet devoid of faith and everybody thinks that the eternity is a race
and that you should be atheistic and cynical.
And they don't know that you can win though by joining with someone else in the second
half of life.
I don't believe that monogamy is something that was not meant to be.
I think that's something that was made up by parcheeks in Dubai.
Why?
I'm a racist guy.
Pat and Hannah, everybody.
Pat and Hannah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Bless this union.
May your happiness increase over 250% using real inflation-adjusted real dollars.
Pat and Hannah.
That's Harmontown's first wedding proposal on stage.
Sanctified by the mayor and by the senator from Vermont.
In front of the Vermont.
Look, you know, when I was mayor of Burlington, Vermont, there were some wild times back there.
I'm the first person to pronounce actually a marriage of four people who had just had
a key party together.
Oh.
Those are simpler times.
Yeah.
I was direct tweeting with Pat before the show.
And at one point he was like, I'm so fucking nervous.
I don't tweet.
Look, you should know this about me.
Not only do I not tweet, I do not have an email server.
So there's no way that there could be, you know, the Hillary thing.
I have all of my communications printed out on a dot matrix printer and handed it to me
in a nice hemp bound sort of ledger.
I'd say in the beginning of the pilot for the new Battlestar Galactica, when, you know,
the adama is like giving the tour and going like, it's all vacuum tubes and none of it
took them to the internet because, you know, robots tried to murder us.
No, that's true.
I thought I had the program I actually saw.
I had that.
I watched it on VHS.
I do all my binge washing on either VHS or if I could get it beta, but you can't always
get it anymore.
And I watch, I did watch a little Battlestar Galactica and I find it inspirational.
If I'm elected president and there's not an immediate fascist coup d'etat that sort of
takes me out of power.
Senator Sanders, I promise you that I will retrofit the United States military along the
lines of Battlestar Galactica so that it will, it will not be connected to any sort of internet
and they will also be suspenseful who done it every time.
First day in office.
Shoot.
Your first day in office if you're elected president of the United States.
Thank you.
What is the first?
I'm sorry.
We should make it clear he doesn't have that authority.
I don't know.
It's a hypothetical.
Oh, I think that everybody, look, I believe that everybody is like Alan Watts says, you
know, a shining light that sort of gets to change the universe a little bit at a time.
So if he says it, I'm halfway there.
Okay.
All right.
Let's say your first day in office, what's the first piece of legislation you put into
the first 24 hours behind?
I think you're jumping the gun.
If I may respectfully, Jeffrey, if I may respectfully disagree, I don't think the first 24 hours
in office are going to be spent passing any legislation.
I think it's going to be dedicated to a drum circle right in the Rose Garden.
We're getting people from Venice Beach, from Miami Beach.
We're getting all the best ready worldwide drum circle.
They're going to be welcome and we're going to throw that far.
I don't know.
We'll see what to our palms get tired.
Was there be hacky sacking?
Well, any hacky sacks?
There will be hacky sacks.
Look, you will be able to toss anything around at a small velocity off of your ankles.
Don't you think it's kind of, isn't it kind of weird from a strange cosmic objective standpoint
that actually that is your demographic?
That's how fucked up and weird our world is, is that the guy that looks the most like
our dad.
The guy that, the guy, hold on a second look.
I hope you're going to say something like that.
I need to respond.
I don't look.
I can't have an attack on my character like that.
No, no.
If you're going to say that, I need to cite as a reference, teach your children well,
the Crosby Stills of National Young Song, that kind of dad, you know.
No, yeah.
I mean, I was like, I just, I do.
The children well.
The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the archetype of the, of the clip on tie rolled
up sleeves.
I look that that would be counterculture now.
I look like I'm made from crystallized college professor essence.
I look like I'm almost fueled by the mockery of children sitting in a college class taking
notes.
So I'm compassionate on the drawings.
I'm well aware that I look like I'm running for president of the Muppet Show.
But I want to make something very clear.
I feel like I'm very York.
Bernie, Bernie.
Yep.
Why not?
Let's say, let's go again.
Crossfire time.
Okay.
Let's say you, let's say you served two successful terms as president of the United States.
That's fantastic.
60, 70 years from now.
Any statue that's made of me is going to be made of vegan macaroni, condensed in a war
format using soil milk, soy milk.
And there's something that is a sustainable kind of statue that might wear down in the
rain after about 50 years, but it'll look nice.
Now there's talk of putting a woman, I believe in the $10 bill.
What, what, uh, denomination of currency would you like to see yourself on?
Or if not you, who else would you like to see on money in your place?
Like, look, that's, that's a fine question.
I don't want my face on any currency.
I actually believe that the Federal Reserve should be audited.
I'm the only candidate saying that besides Rand Paul.
And he has as much of a chance as a bucket of piss.
I believe that the Federal Reserve should be audited.
I think that's fair.
And so I don't want my face on anything except social security checks that people receive.
Social security and Medicare checks.
I want to have a big, just a birdie face.
That's like, there you are.
You got it.
Senator, Senator, I'm sorry.
I know how you interpret this, but they're asking me from the control room if you'll
sit closer to me so that we both fit.
Was it about a stage picture?
Who's complaining?
I think it's just corporate America.
You're streaming this online somewhere?
Yeah.
And they're complaining.
They're all there going, why isn't it better for me?
How come I have to either look at Senator Sanders or Dan Harmon?
How come I can't look at both of them?
That's fair.
Look, why not?
Do you want me to come down too?
Or do you want to come down too?
Or maybe we both move.
Or do you want to do like a chess move where we like castle?
Let this be my official endorsement of you as a presidential candidate.
I'm going to come down to where you are.
That's fantastic.
And look, see, he moves too.
And then like a rock, I just go around like this.
Oh, no.
Chess humor.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I think this is what people are afraid will happen metaphorically if we do elect
you.
Everything will change and then everything will just be different for no reason.
I am radically going to change everything.
Starting with the podcast.
But look, see, it's comfortable.
Is this actually better?
Whoever said, is this okay?
Yes, see, this is a socialist solution and you were shocked at first.
But then they got a thumbs up for the people of the both.
It works.
All we need is the cooperation from most of the people in the room.
And that's fine.
Why is everybody so upset about the socialism thing?
Are you are you on Adderall right now?
What's going on?
I mean, I am on prescription Adderall that I got from Canada because it's easier to get
drugs in Canada, which I don't think is fair for seniors.
All right, we're not a lot of seniors in the room.
Blah, blah, blah, Pearl Jam.
Is that better?
They love Pearl Jam.
I'm racking up some endorsements.
I know we're friends.
I'm not going to push you or anything, but I am getting some endorsements.
And they say Jell-O Biafra.
That's not a joke.
Jell-O Biafra at Dorspeak.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers, all of them, I got all of them.
They came into the office with the shirts off and everything.
Do you really have Jell-O?
Yup, Jell-O Biafra at Dorspeak.
Also, Blind Mellon is the first endorsement from beyond the grave.
I was endorsed by Blind Mellon.
Speaking of that, so if you heard of this, is his name Paul Lessig?
Is that the name of the guy?
Somebody tweeted me about that.
Yup, you know about Paul Lessig.
Look, and I'm not going to, I don't want to get personal, but Paul Lessig is, you know, he's a,
he's running a care that they say that's a protest currency.
And all he wants to do is he wants to say, well, change the election laws and it'll resign.
What are those like?
But I think he wants you as his vice-president.
Look, I'm sorry, pal.
That ain't going to happen.
All right, birds on top.
I, I ain't taking second fiddle for nobody besides David Crosby, okay?
Look, look, Lawrence Lessig is saying he's going to run for president.
You know, if he's elected, he resigns after one day or whatever when he does his thing.
I think if he gets it, he becomes a Robespierre, guillotine, don't do it.
It has happened.
I mean, what did we elect Napoleon?
And then he crowned himself.
I think we only, I think we only wanted him to defend the best deal.
Actually, it's an afternoon.
It's important to notice.
We were like, yeah, and then you'll check out at five and he's like, ah, no problem.
It's not going to blue.
And we're like, all right, I'm going to go to bed then to defend that best deal.
And then he's like, where are you?
I hear cannons.
Somebody invented a whiff of grape shot.
Look, that's not far off.
That's not far off.
I've actually studied the game Stratigo, which is sort of based on Napoleon.
Yeah.
And that's, look, I studied it in detail.
I base all my stuff on the worst episodes of Sliders.
All my history knowledge comes from CW Sci-Fi original.
I vividly remember the CBS miniseries, Napoleon and Josephine starring Amon de Sante as Napoleon.
And I think when I engage, you know, the foreign policy on them, you know, out there, it's going to, you know,
What do you think Napoleon and his generals had wrong at Waterloo?
And what do you think the repercussions of that were for France?
Well, I don't think, you know, I don't think they should have gone on the water, you know.
Cornwallis was out there, right, in boats.
That's close.
With Churchill.
Yeah.
That's like, he was triangulated.
Between Cornwallis and Winston Churchill.
Yeah.
Speak softly and travel in time.
Was Winston Churchill's lesser known saying, which turned out to be the real reason he has all the famous quotes?
So to speak softly was from whom?
Winston Churchill pretends that that FDR said that.
You mean Teddy Roosevelt?
That's also another, depending on what timeline you're living in.
Winston Churchill, we're all, well, first of all, we're all light.
Fun fact, by the way, fun fact, I will be the first president since Teddy Roosevelt to wear glasses full time.
Oh.
Is that right?
Yep, I've led, look, part of the reason I'm running is for just little trivia things like that.
Also, the second president sends him to have been at Abe Lincoln's inauguration.
Come on, it's an old joke.
That's fair.
No, I was at his first inauguration, not the second one.
I didn't, I wasn't some supporter for that time.
So, okay, all right, socialism.
Yep, shirts.
Sure.
Ties, got it, sleeves, 9-11, it's 9-11 right now.
I can't control it sometimes.
It just does this.
You didn't orchestrate 9-11, did you?
Nope.
I did, nope, I certainly did not.
That was, you know, the other guys.
I thought you were blessing us.
I thought you were giving us like absolution.
And all it does is raise your contribution to Social Security funds a little bit.
That's how you use your Nassparatu powers.
I'm lowering taxes in the app.
Just to lower our taxes or raise them.
I always went, yeah, I mean, like, how much, how much, you saw that documentary and said,
we only need $75,000 a year to be happy, and then beyond that, we're already happy,
and it doesn't fucking matter.
Rich people are happier than poor people.
Look, I'm a little confused because I have watched every documentary on Netflix.
Not only have I watched every documentary on Netflix, and I have them print it out.
I don't believe in using email service, so I have Netflix programs print it out,
and I have them fanned like a little cartoon book.
And that's how I watch every program, and then I have staffers read the parts,
and they just, they read them, you know, like sitting around reading Shakespeare or something.
But you haven't seen the one I'm talking about?
I don't look.
I just go along with my information on the Netflix service.
So what I do is I print it out, like you're watching, you know, Stainbow Willie,
like you were talking about earlier, a little cartoon thing.
There's a kind of, obviously you would agree with this because you know,
there's some kind of pop science kind of thing.
It's, you know, there's been studies put into it and how scientifically studies be.
I think that there is a cap, an absolute cap, on the amount of like wealth
that actually does impact your emotional state.
And that beyond a certain amount, and it's relative to, let's say,
whatever year this study was done, and in American dollars,
that it equivalates, is that a word, to a $75,000 a year salary.
And then over that you're not going to be getting better.
You're not going to get happier.
You're going to have more money.
You're going to have a bidet.
You're going to, yeah.
Look, but you're not going to get happier.
It is my belief.
It is my firm belief that I'm not here to tell people how much money
they should make.
I'm not a communist.
I want to make that clear.
I'm a socialist.
I don't, it's not my job to go, you know, open up your checkbook
and say, that's too much.
You have not enough at all, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
That would be an amazing cereal commercial, though.
Like, if you were like, I can't.
I got those for the only cereal, and then you come in and go,
hey, kids, you shouldn't have that much.
You should have this much.
Look, that's fine, but I won't take any money for the commercial.
And also, the only cereal I endorse is cashing.
But I do want to say, look, I think if there's an appropriate amount
of money that somebody should have, I don't think it begins with a B,
as in billion.
You know what I'm talking about?
And I think if you are making billions of dollars,
I think that you should pay something in taxes.
Your cheapskate, bastards.
By the way, I want to point this out.
I'm looking forward to the general election.
I think that me versus Donald Trump is the best possible election
you can have.
We're going to, look, if we do it, I want to have at least four debates,
four debates in each region of the country,
and I also want to have a debate between just our hair
as a tiebreaker.
That would be amazing.
By the way, he's from Queens.
You know that.
I'm from Brooklyn.
Oh, shit.
It would be, look, it's like the Oklahoma and Texas of New York.
That look, I do have a plan, by the way,
mentioning Texas as a side note.
I think for global warming, I think my solution is I want to
turn Texas into a rainforest.
Because all of those sad statistics and things talk,
they always use Texas as a size scale.
Sure, they refer to what's a bigger size than Texas.
Why not? Just go for it.
We know how much we need.
If you need Austin, we can have it cleared out,
and the rest of it's just rain for us.
But look, if we're having an election, a Queens, Brooklyn election,
I'm calling this the G-Trade election.
It's going to be, that's right.
That's a New York bit.
By coastal enough, look, I'm going there in a couple of weeks,
I've got to prep for the material.
It's going to be long, winding, hot, and too expensive,
and it'll break down, but eventually, you know,
you've got stuck in the middle of the East River.
Ah, the G-Train. Just like the G-Train.
Yup, that's the best I could, what do you want, the PQA?
I don't know.
I still say Houston Street.
Oh, you're lucky I'm not a fighter anymore.
Wow.
That's right, you were golden gloves when you were younger, right?
Look, I used to do Muay Thai.
I played rugby, I was really vicious on the front, you know, scrum.
Bare-knuckle, real, I'm just a brutal,
I even test the rules just how hard I would fight.
Bite it, I bit a guy, we won.
You bit a guy and won.
This was back when I was at the University of Chicago.
Why did that make you laugh?
Because it's actually true, and I'm impressed with myself that I remember exactly where I went to college,
because it was in the middle of the late 1960s,
and I am lucky I remember any of it.
There's a vague haze of LSD and Tom Haynes,
that's all I can kind of remember.
So, all right, well, look.
Jeff has checked out, that's fine.
No, no, no.
Like, let's get this to eight-year-old level.
Okay, so, like, because here's what's going to happen in the election.
Productions, okay.
Because I've been through this a thousand times already,
that those numbers are inflated.
The number of years I voted are not 25% of the 90% of what I just said,
but I feel like-
How do you ever vote?
I voted every- there's only a couple elections where I was so fucking like just over it
that I didn't vote and didn't talk to anybody about it.
Sure.
Those were- because as I've said on the show,
the real reason I vote is because I want to continue to have a political opinion,
and we have an entrenched thing in this.
You're not allowed to talk about breaking out of this the way that things work.
People are voting for voting for voting for voting for voting.
They're voting for- they're voting for faith in the way the system has worked,
which is a system that 87% of everybody doesn't believe in.
You know, I sat down with Yoko Oro, and she said the same thing.
Good. Well, that's-
Dan, right now, if election day was tomorrow, who would you vote for?
Would you vote, and if so, who?
I'm going to go- I'm going to vote for Bernie Sanders,
and I wish that everybody that voted just voted their conscience,
because I don't think- I think the problem, and I think this actually goes beyond like-
I thought you had voted for-
Yeah, I did, I did.
I feel like it goes beyond when you talk about America,
because you could explain American politics in a really easy way,
which is just like, you know, we keep talking about how broke we are and how in trouble we are,
but until that really becomes a definable real thing,
the fact is that we're still rich and we're still fine the way things are,
and so we're going to continue to kind of do this thing the way we did it last time.
However-
That's something we're going to look at.
I do think it's-
The idea that the country itself, you could vote for anybody you want to,
just vote- if you want to vote for the Queen of England, go for it.
I want the country to be more like a Tumblr post that you see late at night,
where there's some sort of pyramid floating on a planet,
and there's just sort of ancient wisdom that's guiding us.
That's what I want to work towards.
Bernie-
Let's say you weren't running.
Who would you vote for if you weren't a candidate?
If I wasn't running for president, who would I vote for?
Yeah.
Well, look, I would probably vote for Stevie Dicks.
I think it's time for a woman president.
That's who I would vote for.
But do you think she's tough enough on immigration?
Look, I think I've seen her kick people out of our house when we used to party at the Bangor Canyon.
And believe me, believe me, she knows how to elegantly get somebody out of the foyer
where they've had a little bit too much of the mirror.
Thank you, that's good for people.
I predict a landslide.
Anyways, I had to, I fucking had to, it was like a fucking, you had to like,
it's like an LA story when she has to like do the rest of shaving a haircut on her tuba.
It's like fucking dumbass fucking pun.
The landslide, it was a Fleetwood Max song.
But wait, wait, wait, wait.
I just want to, not because I think it's important or it's going to benefit them,
but because it's in my fucking head and I have some problem.
There must be some like, like, like, like,
It's fair.
I want people like this to have a forum.
Go ahead, go on.
There must be like some, like, there's, I bet there's somebody in the audience that's like,
like, studying this or not.
I've read a book about this or something like that.
It must be some, some, there's this, this thing,
every time we have our elections every year, there's this principle that keeps coming into,
into, into the fore where people, they, they, the idea of voting.
Sure, casting a ballot, elections.
No, I, no, I look, look, we're rolled up our sleeves, we're having a little policy, walk out, let's go for it.
They don't want to vote just to express as a natural part of the process.
They don't want to just be a part of, of a total tally.
And then we think of it like, we, we all want to vote for the winner.
We don't want to be part of the problem by voting for the wrong person.
And when we have third party candidates, it becomes a huge problem because not only do you,
people not wanting to vote for the wrong person.
Third party candidate, go ahead.
But like, I think you're like an eighth party candidate.
The, the, the.
I have been in the past.
Yes, I read for the peace and freedom party and I actually split to the peace and freedom party.
Oh my God, see, I was on the freedom side of the peace people we didn't get a look with.
And I think I've ranted about, remember when Nader was, was, was, was running and there was like this thing,
it was like that, that big election.
It was like, oh, the culture wars are at their peak because we had no fucking real problems yet at all.
So at all, anybody wanted to talk about how fucking important it was whether this guy or that guy got elected.
And it was like so fucking important to everybody.
I'm not saying like, I think what was that Gore versus Vader?
What was the, it was Gore versus Palpatine.
But it was like, so, so, so I do understand it was important for so many, so, so many small reasons.
By the way, I want to say just really quickly, the political message of the second of the latest trilogy of the Star Wars movies is a little thick.
It's laid on a little thick, but I think it is accurate.
I think the Bush administration is a lot like the Emperor.
Those people, those journalists who were like reporting from the Ralph Nader campaign headquarters where this is a guy who knew he was going to lose.
It was important for him to run.
It was important to the people that were supporting him.
It was running. I mean, I know Ralph, I know Ralph.
He was, look, he was, he thought he was going to win.
Yeah, he bought the balloons.
End of story.
There was a lot of balloons and they couldn't release them up.
They had to get rid of them.
There's nothing sadder than getting rid of a bunch of balloons the quiet way.
Mr. Sanders, how early does a candidate have to buy those balloons?
You have to buy them, you can't buy them like two days before.
Legally, according to the Federal Election Commission,
the FCFEC, yes, there's a certain, you have to have, you have to report every balloon you receive as a donation.
And also whether it was helium or regular air or some other sort of gas that might be poisonous in a rare case.
Or if a water balloon, you have to of course go to the Department of Interior because we're in the midst of an epic drought.
Which I am trying to help solve by the volume of sweat that's coming out.
When I'm in California, I deliberately perspire more.
Thank you.
In order to help refill Lake Powell.
That is saltwater though, we have like a whole ocean of that.
Trust me, trust me, this is just like Salt Lake, baby.
But the guy on the floor at the, the journalists like, like, like, well, the campaign's going on.
So they got like, so we're, because everyone was watching, everybody that wanted either Bush or Gore,
whoever the fuck was running against who, Mothra and Gamera, they were running against each other.
And everyone was on the edge of their seats because it was a fucking barn burner, that's not the right metaphor.
It was a hair splitter, it was a fucking turtle fucker.
Their turtle vaginas are like, they're bifurcated with a very thin membrane.
It was a candle burner.
And male turtles have a two pronged, like it's like a tuning fork.
And I'll get, I'll put a pin in that.
But they got, I think it's time that we hear from the female turtles, frankly, but go ahead.
Well, that's, that's the news from Florida.
We got the numbers up here.
We got Will I Am and it has a hologram and he's coming in and all that stuff.
And let's go.
And everyone was like, like, it was like, this is fucking crazy.
I guess this is before like, like, like it was, it was like weird that journalism was dead, but it was like, they were like, it was fucking crazy to me because they were like,
that's when my spirit really fucking died.
I didn't vote for Ralph Nader, but watching the coverage, I was like, they were like, well, we now, so that's, that's the news from that fucking neck and neck race.
And well, you keep hearing his name and he is, of course, the reason why this is neck and neck.
We now go to Nancy Johnson, who's over at Ralph Nader headquarters, head shake, head shake, head shake, Nancy.
And, and there was like, and she cuts it and Nancy's like, um, yeah, uh, yeah, they're thrilled down here.
Um, uh, uh, because all the unspoken thing that everyone was saying was like, if you voted for Nader, you're voting for, for Bush, you're voting because he's splitting the vote.
I was like, this isn't, this is insane. This isn't, that's not democracy.
Right. The idea of focusing on the outcome and then backing into your behavior as an end user. That's our fucking disease.
I firmly believe that we should have a Scandinavian style system in a lot of ways, not only the way we tax corporations, but also elections.
Multiple parties. I want to have a WikiLeaks party.
Where you bring Assange back. One of those crazy pirate parties they have up in Sweden and all that stuff.
I want, I want to make sure that we have a fantastic array of different choices.
You have like a nice buffet. If you want to vote for like, like a nice little fishy, eggy breakfast thing, you can go ahead and vote for it.
Fantastic breakfast in Scandinavia, by the way, too. Go with me. You'll find out. Trust me.
But also, I think, you know, just have a little democratic system like that. If you want to have, you know, play fun and games, you do a little girl who let it, drag a tattoo thing.
You know, you can still keep that up for all the guys who want to do the bad stuff. We can have a little tag, drag a tattoo game for you.
Yeah. I mean, it's democracy. Parliamentary system.
Hold on a second. There's a parliamentary system. Yeah, that's a good, who is that?
That's John Parliament.
That's my policy. That's my policy advisor. He come.
Thank you. Good.
Yeah.
Oh, what about the idea that, yeah, whenever we talk about the system being broken and how it's not a true democracy, then there's people who say, well, it's supposed to be a republic.
What do those people mean? Do they mean they want it to be a republic, or do they mean that it works better as a republic?
Those are people, those are people, those are the same people that say whom when you say who.
Those are the same assholes that go, what, well, you can't even understand what's with the preposition. That's how people talk, motherfuckers.
A republic means for the people. Democracy means the rule of the power of the people. It's close enough. Forget it. What are you?
What am I? What am I? What am I? What am I? What am I supposed to read the back of an old-timey dollar bill or something?
What are you, a broadsheet from the days of, what am I? What am I? Martin Van Buren?
I do look a lot like Martin Van Buren.
Spencer, if you could pick a governmental system from anywhere throughout history, what do you think would be the most just and the most simple?
Like currently, or like when we have now, or something at any part of history?
Oh man, let me tell you something. Let me tell you something about fiefdoms.
They really, you know, they really...
You want to bring the fiefdom back?
They really did it. They made it happen. You know, you had castles, you had knights and shit, there was serfs.
It's all the things you want out of society.
Unless you're a serf. Actually, they're probably pretty happy.
It is attractive when you do open up that Lego knight's set and you got the little guy with a rounded sword.
Yeah, there's dragons.
It's not going to hurt anybody. It's a rounded sword.
But look, something gets out of order. You lose a Lego here or there. It's ugly, then suddenly wham, braveheart, or worse, you know, like...
I'm trying to remember my 10th grade history, so it's like Holy Roman Empire, and like, does that break into feudal Europe?
You know what they say about the Holy Roman Empire, right?
Neither Holy, nor Roman, nor interesting in any way.
I think after the fall of Rome, it went into the Dark Ages for a while, didn't it?
That's one of the things that...
Well, there was...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I have no... I shamelessly say I don't fucking know,
but I also, like, I guess it would be weird to make people listen to all of us not know.
Well, no, I don't know. Hold on a second, and I don't yield my time just yet.
If the senator would yield, I just think that of 30 seconds here, I think there is a danger that the analogy has been made before that we are repeating, you know, the mistakes of the Roman Empire.
I'm not the first to say something like that.
Oh, because all roads are leading somewhere.
Sure, all roads, or whatever, the back of a horse, you know, you got the email with multiple colors, you get it?
Your mother, your dad sends you an email, that's what I'm talking about.
Rome, Rome, Rome, Rome.
But we're an empire that's in its decline in the same way that the Roman Empire declined.
And look, so my solution, if we are truly facing a Dark Ages, is to make sure that we have enough solar-powered stationary bicycles to at least have a little bit of light during those Dark Ages.
Yeah, yeah, we should stack up and...
We should plan for it, you know?
We should plan for the Dark Ages.
Plan, look, just look, have some candles in the drawer.
Make sure you got extra batteries or whatever, just, you know, be safe.
Alright, is Dimarch here?
Yeah.
Oh, he made a stand.
You know, we always expect him to be here and he's like, what if I wasn't?
He said, because Arsenal lost again.
Oh.
That's just...
They soccer in particular.
They did?
That's too bad.
Yeah.
Well, I think you're going to have to stay up here and play Shadowrun with us, Senator Sanders.
Hold on a second.
I need to, hold on, let me consult with my campaign manager.
I know we had another event.
I was scheduled to go be interrupted by protesters who I agree with completely.
Let me see real quick.
Hold on a second.
Can we just ask if there's...
Strange.
It's the...
I'm available.
I'm good.
This is all more airtime than I've gotten in the last three months on CNN.
All right now, Bernie Sanders, have you ever played a fantasy role-playing game before?
Sure.
Yes.
I mean this...
Yes, I have.
I've never had the Dungeon Master.
I didn't like the, you know...
I didn't like the idea of a Dungeon...
A hierarchical Dungeon Master.
That sounds too much like corporate power to me.
But let me put it this way.
I have played Meeples that I became very attached to.
Meeples.
Some was a compare to whatever you want.
I played, look, here or there.
What character, if you had to choose a mythological character to portray in a fantasy realm, what kind of character would it be?
Look, I think that I would be...
Look, I don't want to say a troll, but I don't want to say that I would obstruct certain areas with powerful feudal lords.
We're trying to cross a bridge or something, and I would say, hey, stop, but it would be more like you've got to look at the statistics and I would make sure they pay the fare.
I'd stop like a magical, you can't cross...
The game that we're playing is actually set in the future, so it's more of a kind of a dystopian, kind of, you know, like 1984 Raven of the World kind of thing.
Got it.
I'm Chewbacca.
All right.
Okay.
Imagine Star Wars where instead of moaning every 10 seconds, it's...
Well, give me some Star Wars.
Chewie, hand me the Hydro Spanner.
1% or 5% of the top hydro spans are controlled by the Imperial Council, and I don't think that's fair.
That is what I'm calling...
Punch it, Chewie.
Punch it.
We're ahead of New Hampshire, we're ahead of Iowa.
Let's see how far we can take it.
Somebody in this audience will take a scene from Star Wars and subtitle Chewie's growls with Bernie Sanders.
That will be funny.
Laugh it up, first of all.
I believe that every American who works deserves a paycheck and a chance and a fair shot of the American Dream.
It was a too long look.
If we do ADR, you come in and I wait for the beep, beep, beep, and I time it out so I can match the actual picture.
Bernie Sanders, how about at the end of the first Star Wars episode 4, the first one, when they're all getting their awards.
The real one.
The awards ceremony at the end of it and the music is playing and they all get up there and Han gets his medal and they cut to Chewie.
I think it was a different song playing.
But they cut to Chewie and Chewie.
Is this Chewie?
It's just Bernie Sanders.
He loves the Star Wars theme.
It's caught not a big dog without all of you Rebel Alliance.
It took a revolution and here it is.
Thank you.
That's all I want.
Just get me into the Death Star.
Is it too no pun intended, Pat, of me, to say why not just since we need a mercy on Donald and we don't have Aaron or DeMorge.
We don't want to just bring up our happy couple and have them play.
Pat and Hannah, do you want to join us for some chatter-run?
Pat and Hannah, return to the stage.
You guys have to sit on either.
You have to bookend me and the senator.
Because that's part of the challenge of your new life together is that you have to be autonomous as well.
It's called interdependence as opposed to co-dependence.
Pat and Hannah, do you live in Los Angeles?
No, New Hampshire.
You're going to call that home?
You're going to stay in New Hampshire?
Until I get a full-time job at the news station and then work there for a year or two and kind of look around the country.
See where it takes you?
Yeah.
That's cool.
What is your forte at the news?
What are your local budgetary issues?
Local interest, budgetary, financial, fiscal, all of those things.
Photoshoery, sports related angles.
I'm training to be a director.
A news director.
Fair enough? Fair enough?
Not glam up behind the camera. Good, working.
Did you like Nightcrawler?
I fucking loved Nightcrawler.
Wait a minute. Hold on a second.
All those documents, hold on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, nice. Oh, good.
I thought that was such a fun character for Gyllenhaal, I really like that.
I kept falling asleep during Nightcrawler and I kept watching it over and over again to try to get to the end,
because I'm like, oh, the movie's kind of a, you know, whatever, but I really like that character.
He's a great character.
I just like that when the guy goes like, I'm not going to hire a thief and he goes like,
fair enough, and you're like, oh my God, he's a fucking murderer or whatever, it's great, I love that.
You know the little anecdote, I have a little fun anecdote, like a little Peter Rabbit tale now and then,
I was on an airplane and I was trying to watch the Tom Cruise movie with the robot, with, you know, the robots like it was.
I realized there's a lot of them, but just tomorrow, that one.
Mine was a bit.
And they kept coming, they kept coming on with, you know, the announcements, interrupting the picture,
that you lose where you were in the movie, and I was trying to rewind and just tomorrow to go, hey, let me watch where I left off from,
and it's impossible to rewind to the same place where you were watching it from, because the whole movie is rewind to get shit.
Right, right.
If I am elected president, I will burn that movie in every copy of it.
Or at least make them do it again with an honest linear plot.
Or at least just rewrite it, or just make an edit of it so that every time Tom Cruise wakes up in that pile of luggage,
he looks at the camera and goes, four times.
That would help me, some numbers, just like, you know, an x-axis and a y-axis, just put it out there.
Euclidean geometry, what's wrong with that? Where did we go so wrong?
Do you like Euclidean geometry, Hannah?
Obviously.
I mean, it's proven.
Very good, very good.
I'm on fire with the fucking dumbass puns tonight.
I've turned into the grandpa I never had.
Tell me about it.
How old are you, Mr. Sanders?
That's confidential national security, it's actually state security information of the state of Vermont.
It's one of the few secrets that we have in the Vermont Secret Service.
Let's just see how old I am.
Yeah, let's just say, 90% of the time you've been on this earth, 10% of the people that are still alive have seen 5% of the people die.
Right, let's put it this way.
When we look at how we're depleting the resources on the planet and we're wondering,
hey, maybe the resources will last a little longer, trust me, they won't, I go back to the Perbian.
Well, that's too far, crustaceous, whatever you want.
Crustaceous, the crustaceous.
Because you're saying you were around when oil was still dinosaurs and that didn't last.
Or, you know, the pink Hitler or whatever that was.
Whatever that was, it was Citizen fucking Kane is what it was.
I'll joke all about a lot of shit, but that was my fucking idea and it was great.
It's not far off from the way things are.
This guy, I'm going to answer that question you had.
There's good answers, certainly.
You're a good answer.
Thanks, man, that's very nice.
All commercial statements tonight.
Spencer, are you ready to recap the last Shadowrun we played?
I'm ready for any number of eventualities.
Do we have a guest Shadowrun Sumerizer?
Yeah, Jason Clymer.
Jason Clymer?
Probably Clymer.
All right, let's find out.
Are you ready to rock?
I don't think we will find out.
Are we voting?
I abstain.
The senator from the vote who stands.
His first question was, are we voting?
His second was, I abstain.
I would like to filibuster.
I would like to filibuster the vote.
I do not think it's responsible to hold the vote on an issue.
No, I like this.
Because also contractually, we can't play anything with too much medieval stuff in it,
and we also can't do it for more than 10 minutes,
technically, according to our contracts,
during render services, render of services on our...
I think we'll find that.
I think we'll find that if you...
19 minutes from now, we will have played four minutes of gameplay.
I'm pretty sure the people that are worried about that will...
Oh, but also contractually, which I think is a great fucking idea,
I am supposed to say,
Harmon Quest, coming soon to CISO.
It's going to be a new thing, and we'll be plucking it in.
We've had six tapings so far, right?
They've all been...
Has anybody gone to the Harmon Quest tapings?
You guys have been there?
You should come to Monday or Tuesday.
We still have empty seats.
It would be great if we rang in the...
I was going to say New Year, but it's not really that.
Thank you for the invitation, but I'm not sure if I can...
Right, no, it'll look like a paola?
I don't care what it looks like,
because as long as I'm always giving the money back,
I'm never really having much.
Yeah, you know, I'm supposed to say...
I don't know when this contract kicks in.
Well, I signed it, but I don't know if it's like...
Yeah, but, okay, watch Harmon Quest on CISO.
You see it, so...
You like it.
Coming soon, it's going to be like a...
Like in the spring, maybe?
Probably come in the spring.
Everything else does.
Don't clap for that.
30, 29, 28, 27...
27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20...
I should have started at 10.
70, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
0, negative 1, negative 2.
Yeah.
The square rule is negative 4.
That's going to...
Out of all the jokes we should never call back, like...
The 30-second countdown to no pay off?
Out of the Wikipedia entry for the podcast about recurring bits,
and it's like all the shows.
Like, why is that recurring?
And then one of them is the 30-second stare.
Oh, yeah, that show needed that.
By the way, did you start your own Wikipedia page?
Did you?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
Wait, wait.
Do you mean as a human being?
Sure, yeah.
I just thought you're old page.
Like a Dan Harmon Wikipedia page?
Yeah.
No, but I did...
There was one that had like a little bit...
And this is way back in the day.
Like, I did add to it.
I did like put like...
Well, also he kind of, you know, did this and that.
Because they get things wrong.
You got to go where you go now.
Well, they leave stuff out.
I don't know how I know who I am.
I thought you were born in Vermont.
You're born in Brooklyn, you dumbass.
But that was like in the early days of Wikipedia,
and I hadn't done that much.
And I learned my lesson hard because I didn't even know.
I was like, oh, anyone can do this?
He's also brazenly witty and...
And then I found out there was like this tribunal of people
that goes like...
I found the thing where they're just like,
I think he wrote this.
I don't think...
I don't care who wrote it.
He doesn't...
He seems to be someone who mostly knows noteworthy people,
more than is noteworthy.
I concur with Zaxxon.
This man should be sent to the Phantom Zone.
You're not wrong.
I think Jimmy Wales has too much power and authority,
and I promise to break up Wikipedia
and run it like a public utility.
Oh, no.
Spencer, are you ready to go?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, you're...
You're gonna be a criminal for six minutes,
but go ahead.
Are you really contract now?
They're not gonna...
We're not gonna play over the end.
There's all kinds of shit we can say in court.
If it's a shit, it's a fan.
What, it's just a patrol thing?
See, you start playing with corporations.
This is what happens.
I know.
But no, we're fine.
We're fine.
I'm good.
I'm clean.
I just meant...
I don't get briefcases of anything besides ice cream
from pen and cherries.
You get it.
I pay for it.
Should we drag our feet a little more then?
No, no.
But I do say...
I don't want to say...
But I am, like, so amused by the idea...
So someone in our country...
...of a court case where we end up in court,
and there's like...
Our attorney, like, has to prove to the jury that...
I was like, well, but how many minutes during a game
are you actually playing?
And they have to...
And it's like, oh my god, this is the Scopes Monkey Trial
of role-playing games.
It's like, like, America is like turning in and going,
yeah, wait a minute.
Like, these guys suck.
So now by law, we're only allowed ten minutes of Shadowrun
during the show?
I mean, we never played that much anyway.
It's not...
Can we just stop playing Shadowrun?
Well, if I shouldn't be here,
the best thing I need is some dirt for Hillary to pick up.
She's looking for something.
And I'm squeaky clean.
If there's just gonna wreck it, I'm gonna get out of here.
It's not by law.
It's by contract.
Contractual agreement with our collaborators.
Oh, fuck it.
But is it actually?
Because it just...
You earlier said you were joking.
What are you...
Joking about what?
About the contract.
With the contractual obligations.
Wait, when you guys talk at the same time,
I hear Tim Pom Pom now.
Ugh.
What?
I mean, you're just joking, right?
No.
It's not contractual obligations.
There is an agreement in the contract that we're not gonna...
Basically, the headline of it is that we're not gonna do shit on the podcast
that's gonna compete with what we're trying to get people to tune into
for Harmon Quest.
Jesus Christ.
Which you and I know you're having your first reaction to
what will be a lifetime of fucking ridiculous contracts.
Well, I mean, no.
I'll just kill myself.
These are almost the good guys.
They just want everybody to see the show and be happy.
Is there any way you could claim force majeure?
Yeah.
But you were almost forced to by an act of God
or some sort of non-gender dating?
Spencer, can you give Bernie Sanders a spell called force majeure?
Can he cast force majeure on this?
I think, yeah.
Yeah.
Force majeure.
You had to.
You had to play the game with the shadow of the thing
and there was no way because it was just...
Oops, these landed in our laps.
We had to play.
I think I said something and then I said that.
I was joking.
The thing that is not a joke is that when it was in the 11th hour,
I was like, okay, 10 minutes, not D&D,
meaning not the milieu of...
So we couldn't play, for instance,
Stratigo for 20 minutes, either?
I would love to do that.
Move the nine forward.
It's a nine. They're both God.
It's a seven.
Oops, just a nine is forward.
We could play Stratigo.
Oh, okay.
Because there's muskets in it, right?
Yup.
There's one spy, there's a marshal and a general,
and they all have the same feather hats.
They kind of look like my hair.
The most important thing is that it's during...
Our service is rendered for the show that we're doing.
It's during the time that we wouldn't want to do anything.
And also, we've never played more than three minutes of show.
Well, I mean, yeah, but we've never had our hands tied.
I know, I know, I know. It's weird.
It's weird to feel that on your wrists.
Yeah, believe me, I know.
You know what? I used to think like this,
that I found socialism.
Fuck the corporation.
What's the worst they could do?
I think this could be a good thing.
Lean back, take, you know, just lean back,
take a nice pill or something.
I said we test the waters and play 11 minutes.
Yeah, just to see what the...
Well, I think it could be...
Also, aren't you going to now fucking taste that 10 minutes?
Like, all 50 shades of gray?
Well, I think that argument could have been made
for all the other times we've tasted 10 minutes of shadow run.
No, you're talking from a logical place,
and I'm talking from a sexy place.
That's all I...
So, like, all of that energy that you're spending
logically analyzing the idea of a contract
forbidding you from doing what you want
is actually a form of you expressing,
yeah, I want to play shadow run.
And if you...
If we had that for 10 minutes...
Oh...
I mean, I have that every...
No, you have that.
You have that.
Yeah.
Now we have that.
Do you?
Watch me, baby.
Okay.
949.
We're going to start...
Is there a compelling reason that a United States
senator sitting currently serving
should be involved in these deliberations?
I say we use what we're about to do right now
as a plug for our CSOW thing.
This is, like, if you like what we're doing here,
you're going to see an awesome, better version
animated on CSOW.
This is the bullshit, like, fuck-around time
as opposed to the high-quality, high-budget
thing that we're doing for CSOW.
Yeah, like I said, force-major.
Exactly.
I don't think anyone disagrees with that.
You guys know that when contracts go back and forth,
it's literally two people, one from each side,
who have absolutely no familiarity with anything
that any of us do.
Speaking of no familiarity with anything,
let's play Shadowrun Poorly!
All right.
Again, by Jason Clymer.
Last town on Harmon Run.
The gang taking an unusual heist of antique MP3s
decided that the easiest way to open a musical lock
was to visit a conservatory run by creepy children.
Achieving perfect pitch, the gang did a lot
of back-and-forthing due to Nightblade's alcoholism
and Eve's rampant banana-na-na-na-na-ing
and then arrived at a public storage facility
which had a deviant receptionist.
Despite Mercy's distraction,
Eve was caught crawling under the counter
so the crew killed the curious Creighton.
Hortegaard and Dr. Fren fought about the morality
while the Norwegian dwarf tried to ascertain
the locations of the sought songs.
As an afterthought, they remembered Hackeye,
who probably could have bypassed both the musicians
and the murder.
Will the gang successfully pull off a clean Shadowrun?
Is there no limit to the number of murderers Hackeye
can cover up?
What kind of post-apocalyptic music academy
doesn't charge tuition?
Find out on this week's Harmon Run Shadow Town Time Town Time.
Thank you.
Just an answer to that person's question,
there is a limit on the number of murderers I can cover up.
It has to be within 10 minutes.
It can't be done by a sword or a spell.
You're not Hackeye.
All right, Hackeye, do you have me on your car right now?
Yeah.
Can you find out?
I mean, look, we might have broken more eggs
than we needed to make this omelette.
Can you find out where the MP3 storage unit is?
No, no, I cannot.
There's no records of that sort of thing.
People just kind of walk in, store their things
and leave without any, you know, documents or anything.
They don't store it at the front desk here?
That guy wouldn't know what's being stored where?
No, that would be a huge breach of privacy,
which is the whole point of these locations.
Right.
How many storage units are there in this facility?
Oh, man.
Let me look this up.
250.
Does that mean that it's designated a very important
infrastructural area according to federal guidelines?
Yeah, yeah.
In accordance with the federal guidelines.
Hackeye, it's a gymnate plate talking
without the usual Bruce Willis patois.
The people that use this service,
they also sometimes use it electronically, right?
They're storing things physically,
but they're also logging in, logging out maybe sometimes.
Does this company have, you know, like Caldwell Banker does,
just a fucking website where you have an account?
No, no.
They have accounts with people who are giving them money,
but that's really all they have in terms of records.
Are they independently audited?
No.
By an outside agency besides their old internal,
okay, that's not...
Hackeye, you're answering my question.
They have accounts of people that are giving them money.
I'm not asking if they have, like, lists of the contents
of the storage units.
Well, there you go, yep.
So they have an accounting system.
They have a database full of people's names
that give them money in exchange for their services.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, so maybe there's something to go with there, right?
Am I right?
I'm just an assassin.
You guys figure it out.
I mean, is there a way to use that musical technology we have
to maybe walk by all the things and sing to the MP3 locks
or something like that?
Or is that crazy?
You're the worst shadow runner.
I don't know.
I'm just spitballing here.
All right.
Well, I guess that's what I'm doing.
Can I absolutely project through from room to room
and kind of tell them?
Would I be able to see if I was right?
If I could actually project through the rooms,
would I know if I saw them?
No, you wouldn't.
When you're in astral form, you wouldn't really be able
to tell just physical, non-living objects.
They just all kind of look like grave blobs and shadows.
Can I suggest Professor Plub in the conservatory
with the lob clock?
No, Senator, no.
I'm lost.
What's your character, Senator?
Well, what's my character?
Shadowrun.
No, no, no.
It's just the first word you saw when you...
What's the...
Okay.
Number nine, he moves forward and he hits an eight.
I think he's horticard.
All right.
Oh, Senator, you actually are like a character
that has the power to...
I mean, does horticard have any powers
that could facilitate us here?
Like, I guess along the lines of astral projection,
he's always doing random shit.
Yeah.
Like, gives him amnesians.
Does he have the power to rally a popular mass movement
of people that could break down the power structures
that have been ruling up until now?
Yeah, definitely has that power.
There you go.
Good.
That sounds right.
Okay, so...
What I would...
Go to jail.
Go directly to jail.
What I would be looking at if I were a cop,
and I used to be backstory,
is I would be looking at a timeline.
I would be looking at whatever you do know
and then...
And then, like, well...
Oh, he's back in character now.
It's going to be good now.
Are we able to pinpoint a time
when somebody would have been storing a bunch of MP3s,
as opposed to when, you know,
can we isolate, like, a forensically identifiable activity
that would be able to be seen on the computer?
I was like, oh, I started my account,
and then I dumped a bunch of shit in the storage unit,
and then I...
And it's like, whose account hasn't been active since Genesis?
You mean, like, if they wanted that illustration
or a computer screen?
So we'll get graphic data for that.
I was just...
Excel, maybe? An animation at Excel?
I have a lower IQ than...
But usually, when I was a cop,
we would just, like, we would go, like,
okay, there's a dead person.
When did they die?
And then there were certain people
who, because they were at work when that person died,
they didn't do it.
And then other people, like...
They wouldn't say where they were,
so they might have done it.
And then we just put the black guy in jail.
I believe that you should have to answer for that,
and wear body cameras, but yes.
I...
Was there a question there?
That was a textbook fellow buster.
It wasn't for you.
It was for my fellow shadow runners.
I was going, like, I don't know,
is there a way we can figure out,
can we use the...
Yeah, we will take it out.
Because Hackeye has access to whatever,
like, their accounting system, say,
can you turn that into, like, actually deducing any...
Eliminating anything.
Okay, remember in...
Okay, this is Dan Harmon talking.
Remember in the fugitive movie with Harrison Ford,
how he took just the fact that a one-armed guy
killed his wife in a hospital's database,
and he was like, he narrowed it down to, like, prosthesis,
and then he figured shit out.
I'm too stupid to do that stuff,
but I know how he did it, he knew stuff,
and then he used it to know more stuff.
Could you handle the pot where he shaves in the sink,
and then goes off running?
He ate some oranges, and he made some ID's.
Could you do the pot where you're up in the sewer thing,
and he go, I don't know what, and he says, I don't care.
I would reform the martial service, by the way,
so that if you did shout, I didn't do it,
I would have to go, all right, let's stop everything.
I think it's a good look at it.
Especially if your options are one,
jumping over Niagara Falls, or two, getting shot.
I don't think any more deaths in custody.
I feel like at that point, you're supposed
to just put your gun down and say, I care.
Right.
Or make sure that you're chasing people
in smaller enclosures, like a water park or something,
so that if you don't go down,
if you don't choose to jump,
if you only queue for about 400 feet, then you're done.
Then you're in a nice puddle of spit and kid piss.
All right, well, you know, I give up.
I mean, Eve, you're the...
That was easy.
That was, you gave up faster than Rick Perry.
Thank you. Zing.
You're like the face lady, like you're the one
who gets us the jobs and cons us into buildings,
horticards, you're being played by a character.
And Pat, Pat, you're...
I'm just a doctor.
You're a doctor.
I mean, when I'm the brains of the operation, we're fucked.
I'm Dan Harmon's impression of Bruce Willis.
Spencer, when did the...
Who was the guy at Hank's Last Stand?
Was it Hank?
Yep.
Who wanted the MP3s?
Would he know when that stuff was taken
and put in that story?
Would he know the date that maybe that was put in the story?
I mean, he's just heard stories about this vault.
It's a vault.
I mean, it's a storage vault.
Could I cast some sort of, like, like small animal,
or cricket to go inside that can run from room to room
and be able to sess out which room had it or anything?
You got one. You got a couple here.
Well, that's a coincidence.
It's cricket season.
This is a great podcast.
By the way, yep.
You know, scientifically,
crickets really like showbiz.
Some of our best shows happen during cricket mating season.
So, let's look it up.
Yeah.
That's something you can attempt.
Okay. I summon magic musical search cricket.
And the cricket's going to go from room to room
at light speed, or very fast, at cricket speed.
And go from room to room.
And find out where...
Oh!
That's based on the deaf punk song from Tron.
Okay.
Magical music cricket. Go search.
The exertion of your magical music cricket
makes you take three drain damages.
It conjures itself into existence
and starts scurrying in and out of reality.
Guys, all we have to do now is wait.
My cricket will take care of everything.
Yeah.
I mean, that's...
So, just to clarify, I'm still ahead
in Iowa and New Hampshire
and about to pull even in South Carolina.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Okay, good, good.
Well, we're waiting for the cricket's report.
I just...
Even though I have the IQ of Sam Malone from Cheers,
I go...
I go over to the console
where the guy that worked there works
and I just start hitting buttons.
Nothing that looks like a red button
that says police above it,
but just buttons like W.
Or like enter or function.
You do that.
That's just...
Those aren't commands, so...
It's not...
Okay, you know what?
Then I come in to help him
and I bring out my nice old typewriter
and I roll a piece of paper in
and then I just make sure with a little test
like test, test, test, test, test,
want to throw and then I start typing
a small short message
that says, hey, let him open up the door
all the way up...
Let him create another universe or whatever.
Yes, good.
Socialism.
Social...
You do that.
You don't have any ideas, do you, Eve LeBretine?
You're not suffering in silence, right?
You're just kind of like...
I'm kind of suffering in silence.
Oh, you are?
This is a good time to...
No wrong answers has never been more accurate.
What do you...
What's on your mind?
I'm not really sure.
Oh, so you...
I'm kind of lost.
Just suffering.
She's silent and suffering.
I'm silent and suffering.
Oh, okay, okay.
Millions of Americans who are also
silent and suffering
in this audience and beyond.
Yeah, yeah.
I just meant you're not like...
You're not like being polite by not...
You know, you don't have...
You don't know how to search a storage unit.
Right.
I'm just not sure what I'm supposed to be doing.
Oh, yeah, I mean...
Right now, I'm kind of just standing here looking pretty.
That's what I'm doing right now.
Oh, well, don't...
I mean, come on.
It's okay.
Yeah, I mean, well...
But part of her job is to objectify her gender.
That's how we get a lot of our jobs.
Pat, over there, you want me to...
You want me to, like, maybe make some small talk with you?
A backdrop?
Sure, go ahead.
Just because that's your job, I mean...
Right, I'm just trying to do my job.
That's good.
That feels good.
You know what, you're doing it.
I mean, I think in a post-feminist world,
it's one of the options that an active woman has.
I think I should be able to stand here and look pretty
and do my job at the same time.
I sent my cricket back to see if my cricket
has found any information.
It says, oh, man, I found so many peanuts.
You found... I asked you to look for MP3s, not peanuts.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a plosive figure there.
You can understand the confusion.
Right.
No, I found some MP3s.
I didn't find a lot.
I just found Frankie Franks' Greatest Hits.
You found Frankie Franks' Greatest Hits?
Yeah, that's it, though.
I go on the comm and find our Johnson,
our Hank back at Hank LeStan and say,
Hank, you got me on your comm?
Yeah.
Do you like Frankie Frank's Greatest Hits?
No.
Shit.
New age guard between men.
We'll call you back in a bit.
I mean, I don't want to be always this guy,
but maybe it's a dumb mission.
Maybe it's...
Maybe it was...
Maybe we got made up during a drunken blackout
when we had...
Like a lot of overseas missions,
I think that it's not wrong
maybe to pull back and concentrate on a hurled country.
Don't blame the mission.
Or not.
Right, but, well, I mean,
I'm not blaming the mission,
saying, like, well, we're clearly incapable
of accomplishing the mission.
Thank you.
Don't think that the people put that boy
to his impossible,
even an envelope that's inscrutable.
How many...
I know that there's a way of knowing
with Hackeye's information
how many storage units?
250.
All right.
So, a cricket crawls a maximum of
three feet per minute.
I don't think that's an option.
Everyone's response to that was amazing.
Like, that's the most controversial thing
I've ever said.
It really is.
I think a cricket crawls...
Three feet a minute.
It's more of snail speed, huh?
Yeah, it's not fast.
Okay, man.
I have the data.
I've looked at the data.
Spencer, how many rooms has it had?
From Brandeis University,
and crickets are able to go about 15 meters.
Whether they're not, you know...
Spencer, how many rooms has the cricket been through?
What percentage of those 250 has he gone through?
You don't know.
I mean, it's a cricket.
You sent him out.
You brought him back.
He said he found crickets.
Okay, at the risk of draining myself more,
can I summon three more crickets
and triple the speed on this?
You know, it'd be great.
What?
How much does 250 cost?
Send one cricket into fucking every single room.
That would probably drain me to death.
Yeah, probably.
I took three or four drain on one cricket.
Can you...
Can I get 12 drain or something?
Are we going to get sued?
What?
No.
No, we haven't played shit.
We haven't even done anything.
I walk up to one of the storage lockers,
and I take my gun,
and I shoot at the...
The lock?
The lock.
Yes, thank you.
That's the word I was looking for.
You shoot the lock off the storage container,
and the roller door rolls up.
We've got 249 more.
Well, look around and see if you see any MP3s in there.
I look around.
You see stacks upon stacks of anorandac chairs.
We'll come back for these later.
Let's thank Pat and Hannah, our newly engaged,
newly athiasts,
Disney-loving New Hampshireites.
Thank you, Senator.
Please have a huge round of applause for Senator Bernie Sanders.
Feel the burn!
As played by James Hadamian, everybody.
The wonderful, fantastic James Hadamian.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Chris Brown.
Justin in the booth,
Justin producing all-ferral audio podcasts,
bringing them to you with his weird pirate shirts
and jaw-grinding emotional things.
And also, Kris Boruff, Kevin Day, Sarah Hill,
Zac McKeever.
All the people out here, Norton,
I'll thank you so much.
It's a tenuousness.
No, sorry, I was finishing the sentence.
I started 10 minutes ago.
All right, drive fast and take chances.
Thank you for coming, everybody.
Are we the best of Shadowrunner?
What?
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!